{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22300\viewh13760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs64 \cf0 Recap questions:\
\
What OOS?\
What OOP?\
OOPL\
Role CD / CU?\
What will CD do? => \
P.D -> OOAD -> class designs on paper => Class Definitions & test it!\
What will CU? => OOP!\
Steps of OOAD?\
	0) capture req as eng stmts\
	1) identity objects (nouns / things)\
	2) per object => 1 class definition\
		a) id what object has? => attributes => instance variables..\
				i) ex values ii) range\
		b) id what object can do? => behaviours => instance methods\
				i) what to accept from invoker? => arg list\
				ii) what to be returned to invoker? => ret d.t\
				iii) what should that behaviour do? => body\
	3) Test it!! (by creating a Tester class-> main()-> create object, ass state, invoke beh)\
   4) Generate javadocs & release the .class file with docs to the CU!\
\
What are ref var?  var ass. with ref d.t(class/enum/array/interface)\
naming conv -> camel case ->\
What do they hold? What are they used for? (access state / invoke beh)\
What are inst var? Diff with local var? Lifecycle? Where? How many times? Where are they accessible? Uses?\
	Uses of local var:\
	a) accept parameters from the invoker of the method\
   b) to create temp var to be used only within the method\
\
	Uses of inst var:\
	a) to represent the state of obj!!!\
\
Where are objects created in java?\
What is the size of heap mem area?\
What are diff ways of creating an obj?\
What is the syntax of new usage?\
\
What is new? \
Explain steps of how JVM creates an obj when\
it encounters new usage. (new Hippo())\
	internal steps of jvm:\
\
What does new return? \
\
Where should we capture what is returned from new?\
	Hippo h1 = new Hippo();\
Why Tiger t = new Hippo() is not allowed?\
What state and behaviour can be accessed is dictated by ??\
\
d.t of reference!!\
	\
	Hippo h = new Hippo();\
	h.name, h.size\
	\
D.T of reference dictates what state / beh can be accessed!\
	h.size = 10;\
	h.sing();\
	h.dance();\
\
Can multiple ref point to same obj? \
		\
		Hippo h1 = new Hippo();\
		Hippo h2 = h1;\
\
How to create a ref var?\
Hippo h1, h2;\
\
h1 = h2 = new Hippo();\
\
Can 1 ref point to multiple objs at the same time? But at a diff time?\
	Hippo h1 = new Hippo();\
	h1 = new Hippo();\
\
Can you explicitly destroy an obj in java?\
What is GC? Who invokes GC? When is GC invoked?\
Why is GC not invoked everytime there is an unreachable garbage obj? \
What is the use of GC? Which mem does GC work on?\
What happens to our running pgm when GC is invoked and being run by JVM?\
How long does the GC run?\
How many of the unreachable objects are destroyed when GC is run?\
Can we explicity invoke GC? Then what does System.gc() do?\
\
Can an unr obj become reachable?\
When GC is invoked, does it destroy all unr obj?\
How long does GC execute?\
Do java programs run out of mem?\
How to explcity make an obj available for GC? dereference it!!\
\
Explain steps of OOAD for a given requirement?\
BP, a developer should follow wrt object creation.\
	\
create any numb of objects\
assign state\
invoke beh & make them interact\
but once an obj is no longer useful, dereference it!!\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}